dead flies putrefy the perfume
dead flies putrefy the perfume assignment and cause it to give off a
assignment and cause it to give off a
assignment and cause it to give off a foul odor so does a little folly to one
foul odor so does a little folly to one
foul odor so does a little folly to one respected for wisdom an honor a wise
respected for wisdom an honor a wise
respected for wisdom an honor a wise man's heart is at his right hand but a
man's heart is at his right hand but a
man's heart is at his right hand but a fool's heart at his left even when a
fool's heart at his left even when a
fool's heart at his left even when a fool walks along the way he lacks wisdom
fool walks along the way he lacks wisdom
fool walks along the way he lacks wisdom and he shows everyone that he is a fool
if the spirit of the rule arises against
if the spirit of the rule arises against you do not leave your post for
you do not leave your post for
you do not leave your post for conciliation pacifies great offenses
there is an evil I have seen under the
there is an evil I have seen under the Sun as an error proceeding from the
Sun as an error proceeding from the
Sun as an error proceeding from the ruler folly is set in great dignity
ruler folly is set in great dignity
ruler folly is set in great dignity while the rich sit in a lowly place I
while the rich sit in a lowly place I
while the rich sit in a lowly place I have seen servants on horses while
have seen servants on horses while
have seen servants on horses while princes walk on the ground like servants
princes walk on the ground like servants
princes walk on the ground like servants he who digs a pit will fall into it and
he who digs a pit will fall into it and
he who digs a pit will fall into it and whoever breaks through a wall will be
whoever breaks through a wall will be
whoever breaks through a wall will be bitten by a serpent he he'll quarry
bitten by a serpent he he'll quarry
bitten by a serpent he he'll quarry stones may be hurt by them and he who
stones may be hurt by them and he who
stones may be hurt by them and he who splits wood may be endangered by it if
splits wood may be endangered by it if
splits wood may be endangered by it if the axe is dull and one does not sharpen
the axe is dull and one does not sharpen
the axe is dull and one does not sharpen the edge and he must use more strength
the edge and he must use more strength
the edge and he must use more strength but wisdom brings success a serpent may
but wisdom brings success a serpent may
but wisdom brings success a serpent may bite when it is not charmed a Babla is
bite when it is not charmed a Babla is
bite when it is not charmed a Babla is no different the words of a wise man's
no different the words of a wise man's
no different the words of a wise man's mouth are gracious but the lips of a
mouth are gracious but the lips of a
mouth are gracious but the lips of a fool shall swallow him up the words of
fool shall swallow him up the words of
fool shall swallow him up the words of his mouth begin with foolishness and the
his mouth begin with foolishness and the
his mouth begin with foolishness and the end of his talk is raving madness
end of his talk is raving madness
end of his talk is raving madness a fool also multiplies word no man knows
a fool also multiplies word no man knows
a fool also multiplies word no man knows what is to be who can tell him what will
what is to be who can tell him what will
what is to be who can tell him what will be after him
be after him
be after him the labor of fools we're ease them for
the labor of fools we're ease them for
the labor of fools we're ease them for they do not even know how to go to the
they do not even know how to go to the
they do not even know how to go to the city woe to you O land when your king is
city woe to you O land when your king is
city woe to you O land when your king is a child and your Prince's feast in the
a child and your Prince's feast in the
a child and your Prince's feast in the morning blessed are you o land when your
morning blessed are you o land when your
morning blessed are you o land when your King is the son of nobles and your
King is the son of nobles and your
King is the son of nobles and your Prince's feast at the proper time for
Prince's feast at the proper time for
Prince's feast at the proper time for strength and not for drunkenness because
strength and not for drunkenness because
strength and not for drunkenness because of laziness the building decays and
of laziness the building decays and
of laziness the building decays and through idleness of hands the house
through idleness of hands the house
through idleness of hands the house leaks a feast is made for laughter and
leaks a feast is made for laughter and
leaks a feast is made for laughter and wine makes merry but money answers
wine makes merry but money answers
wine makes merry but money answers everything do not curse the King even in
everything do not curse the King even in
everything do not curse the King even in your thought do not curse the rich even
your thought do not curse the rich even
your thought do not curse the rich even in your bedroom for a bird of the air
in your bedroom for a bird of the air
in your bedroom for a bird of the air may carry your voice and a bird in
may carry your voice and a bird in
may carry your voice and a bird in flight may tell the matter